chore(was): remove WAS 9 support (#1507)
camunda/camunda-docs-manual: content/update/minor/719-to-720/was.md

---

The following steps describe how to update the Camunda artifacts on IBM WebSphere application server Liberty in a shared process engine setting. 
Throughout the procedure, refer to the [update guide][update-guide]. If not already done, download the [Camunda Platform 7.20 IBM WebSphere distribution][was-distribution].

{{< note title="Removed support for WebSphere 9" class="info" >}}

> Support for WebSphere 9 was discontinued with the Camunda Platform 7.20.0 release. The artifacts used in this guide *should* be compatible with WebSphere 9 but using them in a WebSphere 9 application server is at your own risk.

Reviewer: 🔧 Maybe we can find a better wording to replace "risk". People don't like to see this, usually. I'm not 100% satisfied with my suggestion below either but I can't find a better wording right now. Maybe we have something similar elsewhere in the docs for an inspiration.
```suggestion
Support for WebSphere 9 was discontinued with the Camunda Platform 7.20.0 release. The artifacts used in this guide might be compatible with a WebSphere 9 application server. However, this is not tested and is not covered by Camunda product support.
```
